what's up everyone so I'm doing a brief
tutorial on the HTC evo 4g from sprint
and i rooted my phone yesterday and just
want to do a tutorial another tutorial
but a video on what it would look like
after you root your HTC evo and some of
the things that you will get as a result
of it and i'm just going to run through
really fast I'm sorry for the bad camera
I'm actually using an iPod camera which
sucks but um it's only one I have right
now so I'll try and make a better video
later maybe okay so first of all the
home screen is pretty much the same as
you saw the put the lock screen was the
same everything else is pretty much
going to be the same as well with the
few exceptions first of all as you
notice once I open the lock screen that
the camera widget actually animates now
so as you saw the it actually flips in
on the original stock sense UI from
sprint from or from HTC evo hit did not
animate it just changed the number which
I thought kind of sucked and I thought
it was like ridiculous that they
wouldn't put it on there and but they
didn't so that's one thing that's an
added benefit of rooting your HTC evo
another one is as you can see the
battery icon or you probably can't see
because again this camera sucks but the
battery icon is actually a number that
tells you how full your battery is our
charge of battery is which is another
cool feature that that was added once
you root your phone and I thought that
was a subtle cool thing to change the
other thing is that the pull down menu
actually has the toggle widgets inside
of it kind of
borders the top of the notification
pulldown menu which is another cool
feature because you don't have to waste
space on your home screen adding these
toggle features and it's already there
you have to do is pull down you hear
your window and you don't have to ship
sit between screens in order to get to
it just pull down your top and it's done
and it's airplane mode 4G mode gps
bluetooth Wi-Fi and flashlight icon all
which I pretty much use a lot so it's
good that that's there the other thing
that is added is the superuser app which
is once you root your phone you're
always going to have that super user
application and it just as you gives you
more settings that you are allowed to do
which is a lot of reason why people
route their phone it because you have
the option of kind of hacking it quote
unquote another thing that they give you
is the Wi-Fi hotspot and that's
different from this sprint hotspot
sprint hotspot you still have to pay for
and with the Wi-Fi hotspot you do not
have to pay for it and it works pretty
much the same you just tap the app and
it will come to this screen and you tap
the the middle of the screen and you
pretty much pretty much a tethering from
that point I tried out yesterday with
the ipod touch and it works perfectly it
also works with 4g if you are in the
area of 4g so no worries on that pretty
cool and another thing that they added
was oh that's one thing i can show the
option of in you have the swype keyboard
option i'm not sure if you had it on the
original but the swype keyboard is
available i download the gingerbread
keyboard because
I like it a lot better it's um it's more
customizable and it's a little bit
cooler but the ACC it's it mod is there
too that's part of the part of the once
you root your phone that option is
available to you too i didn't like i
like the mod it was cool but i think i
like the gingerbread a little bit better
so that's my stuff that's pretty much
what i'm using now as far as keyboard is
concerned it looks like this and again
these are customizable and I notice you
type you can type a little bit faster
than the stock i'm going to start one
and I guess I'm out might as well show
you the so you need the mod so the mod
looks like this pretty much the same but
I guess they modified it in some way I
think they have smileys now that you can
add which is cool I guess who I don't
know I'm just I'm more into the
gingerbread it's it's more and I'm
cooler so go back to that alright nuts
that's pretty much it i don't it's not
really much else I can show you that a
benefit of rooting phone the main thing
was the Wi-Fi hotspot the fact that you
have the superuser availability where
you can change some of the user settings
and that you can flash roms i flashed a
couple runs yesterday that i did not
like there was some things about it that
I just didn't like that were added into
the stock and for the stock had some
things about it that I didn't like nuts
reason why I rooted it but I think this
is a good even keel right here they just
a standard once you root your phone
that's just a standard from there the
stock from the root is a pretty pretty
nice romney use under know
Carter on but to use if you don't want
to flash anything if you want to just
have more options and just kind of sit
and wait to see what Sprint's going to
do this will buy you some time for sure
it's a little bit faster and it's like I
said those cool features the fact that
you can tether I mean that would give me
some time because i'm actually i can
tether with my ipod and a lot of the
programs or the apps there that i like
using you know i can pretty much use
online through tethering so that this
may help you hopefully it does if anyone
knows any good roms go ahead and comment
below and I'll test it out and record
and I'm going to try to get a better
camera next time thanks guys to talk to
you later bye